📝  New Collection CSS Frameworks (#2163)
github/explore: collections/css-frameworks/index.md

---
items:
 - twbs/bootstrap
 - foundation/foundation-sites
 - jgthms/bulma
 - uikit/uikit
 - semantic-org/semantic-ui
 - Dogfalo/materialize
 - pure-css/pure
 - tailwindlabs/tailwindcss
display_name: CSS Frame Works
created_by: krishdevdb
---

> A CSS framework is a set of css classes that allow you to create your website with few or no css code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CSS framework is a set of css classes that allow you to create your website with little to no new css code.
```
